- What am I looking for, buddy?
Monsters.
- Oh.
Well, just don't hang anything
over the side of the bed,
and they can't get you.
Everybody knows that.
- But Mama scares them away.
- Oh, well, she is scarier
than me.
Look, if I see them,
I'll tell them
that Mom gets home
from her retreat tomorrow,
so they're gonna
have to get you tonight.
- No!
Come on, your sister's asleep.
I'll tell them
to go after her, okay?
Good night, bud.
- Good night.
- I'm home.
Where are my rug rats?
Where is...
Mom!
- Oh, there you are!
Hello, my loves.
I missed you.
You found out
about her affair,
and you bought her
a card and flowers?
I blamed myself.
I think I still do.
I think that a big part
of her relationship with Allan
was one of just having
a friend, someone to talk to.
I feel that in my own
relationship with her,
perhaps I wasn't open enough.
Perhaps after ten years
of marriage, that...
she thought that I was
taking her for granted
and that I wasn't
sharing myself with her enough.
But we worked
our way through it,
and I think it was
a positive working through.
- Well, in those--
those ten years of marriage
have you ever seen
your wife involved
in any verbal altercation,
any physical violence,
of any kind?
- No, never.
No, I love my wife
and I stand by her.
She's a nonviolent person.
Diffy.
What?
Yup.
All right.
Got here right around
the same time.
- Same time?
- Pretty close after.
- Diffy.
- Diff.
- Denny, Dave.
Gentlemen,
I'm Deputy Steve Deffibaugh.
You are?
- I'm Richard.
I live across the street.
- Jerry.
Down the street.
- Lester.
Down the way.
We're the ones that found her.
- Allan, the husband, called us
and asked us to have a look,
and we took the baby
next door too.
- There was a baby?
Yeah.
Little Valerie,
She...
she cried so long
that her voice went hoarse.
Where'd you say
the husband was?
- Uh, St. Paul,
for business, I think.
- Uh-huh.
All right, well,
thank you for your, uh,
attention to this matter.
You got their information?
- Yup.
- Okay.
Probably best you boys go on
and get home
and leave the rest of it to us.
- Yes, sir.
- Did what we could
to help protect any prints.
- This is, uh...
shoot, I wish I'd have brought
more than just
one roll of film.
Hello.
Look at that.
You see that one right there?
Different.
Oh, yeah.
This here, this is our guy.
Now, when we get done,
I want you to cut
this here square
out the linoleum.
We'll take it with us.
Evidence.
- Okay.
- Go on and get you some air.
Huh.
Gotcha.
Hey, hey, hey, look.
Sunglass lens.
Look what I found.
Dang it, Dave.
Now look, I know you got
the best of intentions,
but you don't go
picking stuff up
from a crime scene.
Now go on and put it back
just where you found it.
Show me.
- Well, it was in the garage.
Well, go on.
- All right.
Just like this here.
- Okay.
- There's more blood
in the bathroom.
So they half-assed the cleanup,
left the murder weapon behind,
and took the time
to take a shower.
- All while a baby cried
in the background.
- Morning.
Allan Gore?
- Yeah.
- I'm Deputy Steve Deffibaugh,
the Collin County
Sheriff's Department.
- Pleasure to meet you.
Mr. Gore,
I know that your neighbors
told you that your wife
had been shot,
but, um, well,
there's more to it than that.
Now, you, uh--you left
in the morning, right?
And, uh, she seemed just fine.
Can you tell me what the rest
of your wife's day is like?
- Well, I don't know much.
She called my boss
at one point.
- Mm. Called your boss?
What for?
- Oh, she was trying
to convince him
not to send me away
for the weekend.
She didn't like it
when I went on work trips.
- Hmm.
What happens
on these weekend work trips?
- Nothing much, just work.
- Hmm.
I am sorry, I gotta ask.
Has there ever been
anyone outside the nuptials?
- Uh...
she did...
have a one-night stand.
Once.
A few years ago.
We worked that out.
Ancient history.
- Mm-hmm, and you?
You ever stepped out?
- Me?
No, never.
- Mr. Gore, is there anyone
who could've seen
your wife yesterday?
Somebody we could talk to?
Friend, family member,
a neighbor?
- Yeah, Candy was here
in the morning.
She said
everything seemed fine.
- Candy?
- Montgomery.
She's...she's a friend.
- Candy Montgomery.
Who...who could've done this?
I mean, some maniac?
Well...
possible, I guess.
Uh...
but seeing how there's
no forced entry or break-in,
most likely,
it's, uh, somebody she knew.
Somebody that, uh,
didn't like her much at all.
Does that ring any bells?
I can't think of anyone.
- Now, you were out of town.
That is an alibi.
But, uh, as a formality,
I'd like to see
your bank statements.
- Oh, yeah.
Sure.
- Thank you.
- Christina.
Did you know
that we're magnetic?
Yeah, our whole family,
we're magnetic.
No.
Yeah, we are.
Watch. I'll prove it.
Is that a real penny?
You don't know?
Okay, well this is
how you find out.
Go ahead, put it in your mouth.
There you go. Yeah.
Does it taste kind of weird?
Yeah.
That's because it's real.
All right, take it out.
Put it on your forehead.
- What'd I tell ya?
- What?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my gosh.
Yeah, yeah.
It's incredible, right?
Has something to do with
where the house is
on the Earth.
I don't know
the science behind it,
but I don't know,
we're all magnetic.
Spend enough time here,
you turn into a magnet too.
Either that
or you're a robot.
I don't know which.
I don't know which one.
Try it.
Do you want me to get it?
- Oh. No, no, no.
I'll get it.
- Okay, let me try this
one more time
just to make sure.
- Okay.
- Montgomery residence.
- Oh, Lord, Candy.
Did you hear?
What kind of maniac
is in the neighborhood?
I'm scared to even be
by my windows.
- Did you hear she got shot?
She wasn't shot.
It was an axe.
Mommy!
- Hey, over here, babe.
Hi.
Oh, nice to see you.
- Where's Mommy?
Well...
What is it?
- Um...
something's happened, baby.
Uh, something terrible
has happened.
And I want you to know
that I love you and I'm gonna
take care of you
no matter what.
But your mom, she...
sh-she's gone, baby.
She went to heaven,
and she ain't coming back.
Oh, baby, I'm so sorry.
Please don't cry, baby.
I'm so sorry.
Don't cry, baby.
I am so sorry.
I love you,
I love you, I love you.
I'm so sorry,
and I wish I could tell you
something different.
I am so sorry, sweetheart.
I'm so sorry.
Come here.
I love you.
I'm gonna
take care of you, okay?
I promise.
My sweet little girl.
Thank you.
It was a real comfort
knowing Christina was with you.
It's okay, baby.
It's okay.
- Look, I'm gonna
go around the house
and just check all the locks,
every door, every window.
- Hon?
- I'm sorry.
I'm just so glad
you weren't there.
And that's when I knew
I should just come on back.
After Dave and I's
second divorce,
I know how hard it can be
to try to go on.
And I thought,
"I don't know that Allan even
knows how to cook,
"and now he has
a daughter to feed,
and I just can't abide
by that."
And since I'm single again,
I knew that I could make dinner
at the drop of a hat.
You'll thank me for that
later, pumpkin.
- Thank you for this, Elaine.
I didn't even think about--
Hush.
You don't need to worry
about any of this.
But in the long term,
you're gonna need somebody.
That sweet baby's
still in diapers.
Do you know
how to change a diaper?
- I don't,
but I am an engineer.
Well, I can show you.
I changed her
before I got her down,
and I'll check on her
again after dinner.
Christina, if you chew more,
you'll eat less.
You'll thank me for that
when you get older too.
Dad, uh, can I go to my room?
- Yeah, just say thank you
to Miss Elaine, sweetheart.
- Thank you, Miss Elaine.
- You're so welcome, puddin'.
You need to speak to a lawyer.
I read a lot of Robert Parker,
and I've seen a lot of Columbo,
and they always look
at the husband first.
Sometimes it's insurance
or another woman,
but it's always
either love or money.
You didn't take out
any large sums of money
for any reason recently,
did you?
Because they might think,
contract killer.
- This is Diffy.
This is Allan Gore.
Um, I just felt like
you should know
because, uh, you asked me
about the bank statements
that I took out a large sum
of traveler's checks yesterday.
My wife and I, we were--
we were going on vacation
to Europe.
- Okay.
Thank you for that.
- Because I heard
that you look at the husband
sometimes for love
or for moneys.
So I just wanted to tell you
about the money.
- Hmm.
- I still have them,
by the way,
if you, uh--
if you want to see them.
I'd appreciate that,
yeah.
- Sure.
And...
well, I wasn't exactly truthful
with you earlier, but, um...
I did have an affair
with Candice Montgomery.
The one that was
with your wife
at your house
yesterday morning?
- Yes.
I didn't mention it
because like I said,
it was--
it was over a long time ago.
- Can I ask you why it ended?
- Well, Candy was
in love with me.
- Mm-hmm.
And things were going
so well with my wife
that I just...I just felt like
I couldn't
share myself anymore.
- I see.
- Okay, then.
I do apologize.
All right.
Have a good one, Mr. Gore.
- Good night.
- Okay.
Oh.
Montgomery residence.
Yes, this is she.
Oh, I-I want to be
as-as helpful as I can.
Right.
Okay.
Well, I will see you
tomorrow then.
Bright and early.
Okay, good night.
It was the police.
- Oh.
Y'all should know
I did have an affair
with Allan Gore,
but it--well, it has
nothing to do with all of this.
I-I ended it.
I ended it a long time ago.
- So you ended it?
Yes.
It had run its course
for me and Allan.
- So you don't have
any feelings for Mr. Gore?
- Oh, only friendly ones.
Only friendly ones.
- Ooh, you broke
a fingernail there.
Uh...
- Oh, a couple.
Yup.
- Yeah. So brittle.
I try to grow 'em, but I can't.
- Yeah.
Let me know
if you have any tips.
- Nope.
Well, all right,
we're gonna need to take
a few pictures of you,
just for our records.
You're okay with that?
- I would love to help
anyway I can.
All right.
- Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Got something
on your shoe there.
Oh.
I keep kicking my storm door,
and I can't seem
to get my husband to fix it.
- Hmm.
You mind if I get
a picture of your cut?
Just to have.
- Well, sure.
Thank you very much.
- Whoa.
That's some pretty nasty
bruises you got there.
- Oh, yeah, I got those
playing with my kids.
I bruise if the wind
hits me wrong.
Hmm.
That'll do.
- All right.
Ms. Montgomery?
Did you kill Betty Gore?
No.
- And you'd be willing to take
a polygraph test to that?
- Yes, of course.
- "Just to tell you something,
and it's no exaggeration,
"there's just no greater
pop than you
in all the pop-ulation."
I love it.
Thank you.
Here you go, Daddy.
Thanks.
Come on.
All right, let's see.
"Dad, everything you do
is magic."
You know,
that's how we got you.
We pulled you out of a hat.
- What? No.
- No, we did.
- Where'd you get me?
- Oh, we got you under a rock
in, uh...Tennessee?
- Tennessee.
Tennessee.
- No.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
Fried spaghetti
and scrambled eggs.
My favorite.
Must be my day.
It is.
- Oh, did y'all say,
"Happy Father's Day"?
Happy Father's Day!
Thank you.
Aww, you too?
- Of course.
"My sweet honey,
happy Father's Day
from your queen bee."
Buzz, buzz.
Yeah, you are.
You are, hon.
Love you.
Love you, Daddy.
I love you guys too.
Thank you.
I'm the luckiest dad
in the whole world.
Comfort and luxury
with the convenience
of four-wheel drive.
There's more to an AMC.
This is Action News.
- New information
has come to light
in the grisly axe slaying
of Betty Gore.
Sources report
a female friend of the family
was brought in
for questioning.
The female's identity
and exact relationship
to the Gores
remains in question.
Authorities say
Mrs. Gore was struck
41 times with an axe--
- Oh, God damn it.
Hi, Bob. It's me.
Uh, Allan.
Look, before you guys
get down here, I just...
there's something that I wanted
to tell you, and...
Look, Bob, the-the local news
is really heating up down here,
and so it's only
a matter of time, I imagine,
before you're hearing it
up there in Kansas.
There's a woman
who the police questioned,
and we know her.
She was the last one
to see Betty.
Uh...
that's not everything, though.
I had an affair with her, Bob.
That was my daughter,
you son of a bitch.
With everything else
that she had to put up with
for you, and--
- Hey, did you tell the kids
I was questioned?
- Well, when you say it
like that,
it sounds so sinister.
You just went in
to help, right?
- Of course.
- Well,
that's what I told them.
You know, that they don't
have to be scared
and we can protect them.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know, they were fine.
- Okay.
Montgomery residence.
Did you hear?
They found a footprint.
- Candy.
What brings you here?
- I spoke to the police.
- A polygraph?
You've got to be kidding me.
When you supposed
to go in for that?
- Well, I'm supposed--
- Hold up.
Udashen!
Candy, you got a dollar on you?
- Uh, well, I think--
I think I do.
- Udashen!
I'm officially retained
as counsel.
Anything you tell me
falls under
attorney-client privilege.
- Oh.
We're in the middle
of a murder investigation,
the whole town is rattled,
and they think
they can call a lady in
for a polygraph
and her nerves won't
be shot to hell.
Please!
You'd probably set
the damn thing off
within just a minute,
and from pure feeling alone.
You're not doing it, Candy.
You're just not.
There you are.
Axe murderer.
- Her?
- Mm-hmm. Horse hockey.
Didn't you throw Betty
a baby party?
- Mm-hmm.
- What were you doing Friday?
Well, I was at Bible school.
- Uh-huh.
- And then I went to Betty's
and I got Christina's
bathing suit,
and then Betty and I
got to talking,
and then I went to Target and--
well, when I got there,
I realized
my watched had stopped
and I was way later
than I thought,
so I didn't go in.
I just went back to church.
- But you didn't go
back to church
covered in blood, did you?
- What--well, of course not.
- Yeah,
what they're looking for
is some kind of crazy drifter.
A real psycho.
Big, tall, strong man.
Swinging an axe 41 times?
That ain't easy.
You know,
could be the same guy
who did that axe murder
over in New Mexico.
I mean, that can't
a coincidence, right?
- Or a transient, like I said.
Now, everyone knows
that you didn't do it.
I mean, look at you.
And the sheriff's got nothing.
If they did,
there'd be a warrant.
Okay?
They are out of their element.
Don't you worry.
I'll give them a call.
You'll be fine.
- Okay.
- Hi. Thanks for coming.
- Oh, of course.
- Oh, what a nice color
that is on you, pretty girl.
But darling, I think you need
to get changed for the funeral.
- I want to wear this.
- Well...
but, uh, sweetie,
on days like today,
we wear black.
Yellow's a happy color.
- I don't care.
Everyone will be wearing black.
That's just how this is done.
Now, what will people think
of you in yellow?
- Mommy made it for me.
- That's so sweet,
and you can wear it
all day afterwards.
- I want to wear this!
- Christina.
- Let her have a lie down,
cool off.
Mm-hmm.
- We ought to leave
some of these ready.
People will probably come by
after the service.
- I'll take them over here.
- Okay.
- Which one's that one?
- That's the macaroni.
- Oh, the macar--okay,
the noodles.
Yeah.
The house looks nice.
Mm-hmm.
- Elaine cleaned up
this morning.
- Oh.
Wasn't that thoughtful?
She's coming back later.
She's gonna watch the baby
while we're at the funeral.
- Well, the neighbors have you
in casseroles till Christmas.
- Oh, there's another freezer
in the other room.
Oh, boy.
Uh...
Maybe she needs a change?
Oh...
- I'll handle the food,
and, uh, Sherry,
go ahead and help Allan.
- All right, come on.
Ooh, somebody's up.
Hey there, baby girl.
What seems to be the matter?
- Sorry.
I have no idea
what's gotten into them.
- Ooh. I mean, dogs.
And they just bark at every
little, tiny noise, you know?
I mean, they're awfully cute.
- Guess we ought to head off.
- We should.
- All right.
- It's okay, Grammy.
- It's okay.
- Bob, I'm...I'm so sorry.
- She was so beautiful.
Loving, smart,
college educated,
and so full of life.
She had her pick,
and she chose you.
Oh.
Think she's sleeping
with him too?
- Yeah, all right now.
- Just saying.
Once you sleep with
one of your friends' husbands,
what's to stop you
from sleeping with all of them?
- Hon.
Hmm?
- They found a fingerprint.
- Fingerprint?
Yeah. That's it.
God, they are gonna
nail this guy.
We're gonna be able
to put this all behind us.
- Why don't we have
a family night this weekend?
Yeah, it's been a hard week.
We can go to Sizzler,
go see a movie.
Becky's been asking to go see
Herbie Goes Bananas.
- That's a great idea.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Don?
- Candy?
- All right, yes, sir.
- Hug your kids.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
She did it.
- No shit?
- You're not gonna
believe this.
- Oh, yeah?
Try me.
- We got ourselves
a self-defense case.
- One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Ten.
24.
32.